[GitHub] Revise CONTRIBUTING.md for clarity and updates (#6112)
sofa-framework/sofa: CONTRIBUTING.md

- SOFA Consortium: research centers and companies willing to share the cost of development and maintenance of SOFA, hosted by Inria.
- SOFA Consortium Staff: administrators of SOFA and its ecosystem. This group is directed by the Executive Committee (EC).

> All SOFA Developers are gladly invited to the [SOFA-dev meetings](https://www.sofa-framework.org/applications/publications/#CiteSOFA). They take place remotely every Wednesday at 10 a.m. CET and are animated by the SOFA Reviewers + the Consortium Staff. [Subscribe to SOFA-dev mailing-list](https://sympa.inria.fr/sympa/subscribe/sofa-dev) to get the agenda, reports and conference room url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All SOFA Developers are gladly invited to the [SOFA-dev meetings](https://www.sofa-framework.org/applications/publications/#CiteSOFA). They take place remotely every Thursday at 9:30 a.m. CET and are animated by the SOFA Reviewers + the Consortium Staff. [Subscribe to SOFA-dev mailing-list](https://sympa.inria.fr/sympa/subscribe/sofa-dev) to get the agenda, reports and conference room url.
```

About the steering committees:

- SOFA Scientific and Technical Committee (STC): defines the technical roadmap twice a year, validate the contribution rules, the Reviewers team and discuss every technical point in SOFA.
- SOFA Executive Committee (EC): decides on evolutions of the membership contract, the communication policy and the priorities of the Consortium.

> A more detailed definition of the [governing committees](https://www.sofa-framework.org/consortium/presentation/) is available in the SOFA website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more detailed definition of the [governing committees](https://www.sofa-framework.org/consortium/presentation/) is available on the SOFA website.
```
